in a place called the City of Angels
one of us
dr. Isis will go a hundred is about to
meet one of them have you ever been seen
Castle I've ever been seen like you are
ma'am mm-hmm come on up today he's going
he's not going anywhere that doctor in
the operating room she looked right at
me she didn't see you staff she can't
see you no one can see you unless you
want them to and if I want her to what
do you wanna do
hello Maggie
how did you know my name are you in
despair I lost a patient it wasn't your
fault Maggie those eyes the way he
looked right right down into me I can't
see you but I know you're there who are
you Nathaniel Messinger former celestial
body recent addition to the human race
want proof you can speak every language
you travel with the speed of thought and
you're reading my mind right now
stop that you're doing it here you are
again this is Earl he told me what else
did he tell you he worries that you
never sleep and he loves to see you oh
how wait all day just hoping for one
more minute with you I don't even know
you
what do you want
are you married are you homeless No are
you a drummer Seth knows no fear no pain
he hears music in the sunrise but he'd
give it all up he loves you that much
what's that taste like you don't know
what a pear tastes like I don't know
what a pear tastes like to you
to
are you here I want to see you
you